i'm so balls deep in disney right now so
i hope that that doesn't fall while
we're talking
okay all right let's go live balls
all right there we go balls deep in
disney all right let's see um
full screen
so i'm giving a shot here i'm giving it
a shot here but it's ah there we go
all right got it got it we're good we're
good can't see chat which is probably
even better
success ladies and gentlemen that's
right saved we are here okay
yeah i try to minimize um
uh i try not to look at chat when i'm
talking to people
but yeah well i wish i wish i i do the
market so i have to
steal content from anywhere i can and
it's usually them
cool that is a massive cup of
something
iced tea iced tea good stuff yeah i got
it thank you oh now you can
thanks dear appreciate it
all right you you have a a red thread
around your right wrist
yes this is from my wedding oh how
long ago were you married uh well it's
it's been replaced since then but uh we
had our wedding in um
january of 2019. oh interesting
in delhi yeah wow
that sounds wild man i mean
it was interesting because i tried
bringing an elephant in because i wanted
a way i wanted to ride an elephant into
my wedding because i was like listen
one of two things either a i have an
epic story
or b i'm trampled to death by an
elephant in my own wedding which is also
an awesome story
so for me i was like that would be cool
but they wouldn't allow us to have an
elephant within the city limit so i had
to ride a horse in
that's you know
it's really frustrating that you weren't
able to get your elephant
you know i figure there'll be another
time there'll be another time i'll i'll
i'll i'll i'll chalk that one up too is
you know a missed opportunity
and and um so am i calling you stonk a
guy or
what do you go by stocky tsg
boomer um foxy i don't know there's a
million names out there
what do you prefer
i don't really have a preference i just
kind of go with what it is i mean uh
well okay no not jim creamer god
um uh whatever whatever is comfortable
for you stocky tsg stock guy
okay uh i'll i guess i'll go with tsg
unless
should i just use your name or is that
secret
i mean they know my name it's just
awkward because of the character well
not character but the
the the person i play on stream so okay
um i mean if you want to call me jason
that's fine
okay uh we can go with tsg all right
um yeah so tell me tsu what do you want
to talk about today
anything in particular
um i i mean i don't know i mean i
i they reached out just to talk i don't
know i was told
so let me let me orient you okay please
okay so oftentimes people come onto the
stream because
they want to learn about something or
they need help with something
so i i recognize that
so a lot of times people on twitch will
like have kind of like you know podcasts
or whatever where they'll talk about
stuff
we usually don't talk about stuff in
sort of a third person way although we
certainly can
um so usually like a lot of streamers
you know will
will have um particular questions about
mental health or they have an issue
they're struggling with
or things like that that that we'll kind
of then explore together
using the lens of like um you know
actually yourself
but some people have you know that
they're not entirely comfortable with
that
or or things like that which is totally
cool in which case we can just
you know talk if there's if there are
any questions that you have that i can
answer that's totally fine
i think um two of the things that uh
had been floated were sort of talking
about fomo
or financial stress um
and i don't know if those topics seem
relevant to you or anything like that um
we can talk more about your marriage if
you want to
what it's being like married to an
indian woman um
you know whatever whatever you whatever
you want to talk about
so oftentimes people will come here with
a particular like goal in mind but if
you don't have one that's totally fine
we can
you know we can roll with it um yeah i
know i mean i'm still
trying to get this over um as far as me
like i'm not really a twitch
person it's gonna be weird to say that
um i'm not so
yeah so so two and a half years ago i
never even heard what twitch was
uh and even now um after i get done
streaming
i you know i have to you know i have my
newborn so i take care of her give my
wife a break i have to take care of the
wife the dog
business inquiry stuff you know um
trades and stuff like that i don't
really spend a lot of time on twitch i'm
just now starting to network with people
after the two years so um i knew who
who you were and what what what you do
and and the way that you know you
you talk with streamers stuff like that
i knew of that but i didn't have a lot
of like
deep understanding of it um so
you know but one of my mods also works
with your team so i kind of understood
so for me um i'm i'm coming into this a
little blind
but i think that i think that i think
that it's a good opportunity since you
work with mental health and
and helping people understand things i
actually think that this is a good time
to talk about certain things for people
because i think this whole gamestop
fiasco um
a lot of people got caught up in
something they didn't know a lot of
people
had some misunderstandings a lot of
people lost a lot of money or they
didn't know what they were doing and i
think that i think that it's actually
a good conversation to have regarding um
fomo whether it's uh chasing get rich
quick you know following the trend and
stuff like that i think that it's
actually a relevant conversation so i
thought that was something maybe we
could begin with
and then kind of easy that's totally
cool yeah so tell me about
the game stop quote unquote fiasco
oh well
like from the beginning or like just
kind of like what's going on well i mean
basically you know there was this
there was this thing online where um it
started out that we could make money
you know there was money that this stock
is going to go good and then as it got
up there was more hype around it
um regarding a short squeeze and gamma
squeeze which is in stock terms mean
there's a chance that this can
exponentially go up um
and then it started doing that and the
squeeze happened but um
i think a lot of people it went from
potential to make money to it's gonna
make everyone a millionaire and we're
gonna take down the big guy and we're
gonna get rich doing it
and i think a lot of people who didn't
really understand what was going on also
threw money at it
like anything and now they're bag
holding
from the top and they've lost a lot of
money and some people who are
maybe more susceptible to sensationalism
or
or gambling or are in a really bad
financial situation thought this was
their out
and now they're way worse off than they
were before
and uh you know i'm seeing that around
and i'm really it really bothers me and
you know um i was very clear with these
guys yeah we were having fun we were
hyping it up the andrew and we're all in
this and it's all great
but i tried to make it very clear
throughout the time you know guys also
don't be in this
holding over the weekend more money than
you have that you could afford to lose
because
it is a total gamble it's a complete
gamble gamestop is not going to be 300
or 400
in a year so be careful and a lot of
people they get caught up with the
emotions
um and they lost a lot of money and and
i've always been one of those people who
you know i hate seeing people in my
community lose money or people out there
lose money because
i try to make it my mission to to help
people but i'm also an entertainer so
it's a little bit of a mixture
there so that's something i've been i've
been struggling with a little bit but
i feel you know i feel for some of those
people what do you what do you mean by
you've been struggling with what what
exactly has been the struggle
um the struggle for me is
is that you know you're always gonna i'm
i'm one of those guys who always
wonder if if if potentially
i didn't like you know um
i didn't give
enough warning because i've always built
my stream
on the idea that i want to help people
make better
financial decisions you know teaching
them stuff making it fun right so i've
we have people that have learned about
getting their 401k in their ira or
refinancing their house or getting their
loan down or
you know management fees you know hsa i
mean there's so many things
that that's so much good and so much
awesomeness and
and and amazing things that have
happened in this community it gives me a
purpose every day
it's the greatest thing that's ever
happened to me but
i sometimes like if somebody finally
says hey stock guy because of you i
started investing
that's awesome next day market's down
five percent
and it's like now i feel guilty you know
what i mean like even though i know that
this is part of the market like they're
looking at me like i did i listened and
now i'm losing money like
i feel guilt even though i didn't do
anything
and with the gamestop fiasco it was fun
it was engaging i was i was loving it
with the hype was great
even though i was giving the message
along the way of guys don't put it more
than you can afford to lose it's a
gamble
if you have your money now you can sell
your shares for a profit
sell your original investment let the
rest ride hand the torch off
and i even though i shouldn't a little
bit of part of me is like
how clear were you and did you like i
mean i can't force somebody to do it but
i
sometimes i'm like you know yeah i said
it but you know i don't know there's
just a little bit there so but yeah so
that's about it let me see if i kind of
understand what you're saying
and if the questions get if you want to
be a little bit more abstract
um and and less personal about your own
feelings just let me know okay
oh i got i'm just sort of dude on the
camera i'm not worried yeah okay
so what i'm hearing is that you know in
a sense you kind of know you're not
responsible right so like you you you're
very clear in terms of trying to provide
guidance
you know there's no such thing as a sure
thing um you're being very explicit with
people
that you're like this is a [ __ ]
gamble right absolutely
it's it's a gamble it's a meme you've
been saying it all along
and at the same time i'm noticing that
in your head
you're doing all the you're actually
behaving in a responsible way
but that there's a part of you that i it
sounds kind of weird
feels responsible
when people lose money it's something
i've struggled with from the beginning
you know um i i'm i'm very very clear
that you know
actively trading the odds are heavily
against you
you know day trading odds are heavily
you know the there's no such thing as a
sure thing i mean the market itself
always goes up historically i mean yeah
it goes down but then it goes back up so
investing is not so much a gamble but
actively trading day trading
is a gamble it's a gamble and you're
most likely not going to beat the market
and even if you do the sweat equity you
put in
isn't worth the the profit at the end if
you and that's why even me i tell them
all the time i put
90 of my my money in long-term
investments
10 i trade and i and i make money when i
make profit i dump them into my long
term
and that's that's it and i'm very clear
you know i'm not telling anybody they're
gonna get rich or i'm not trying to tell
them
you know follow me and you'll have a
yacht i'm very clear um
and we talk about a lot of stuff but for
some reason
i feel like even though it's not my
fault
you know i sometimes get a little bit of
that guilt of
you know they lost money because they
invested or
they invested and they've lost money in
the short term
you know i can't time it perfectly i
just want to get them interested
do people blame you
not anymore i think people understand
more but
it's not so much that they blame me i
mean they blame me as a meme
but um i think i put it on myself more
than they put it on me
yeah so let me ask you how how much
how much does that bot does that guilt
sort of bother you
like how inconvenient is it because i'm
i'm hearing very clearly that like in
your head
i i think you're doing all the right
stuff and you've really thought this
you thought the ethics of it kind of
threw pretty heavily is what i'm i'm
getting from you
um is that the sec
no um uh so so i'm sort of getting the
sense that that you really
you know have thought through not taking
advantage of people
not promising any yachts and things like
that you know
teaching basic financial literacy being
open with the fact that
ninety percent of your investments are
in like long term not unexciting stuff
and that ten percent is kind of what you
play around with
and so i i'm i'm hearing that you've
been very very judicious with that
and i'm still kind of curious from like
a personal standpoint
how much does it bother you to have
these feelings of guilt
i mean my wife has to tell me all the
time she's like you literally tell these
people
everything but like you put it not even
a disclaimer you just tell these guys
hey listen this is this this this this
don't do don't do anything don't chase
it you're not gonna get rich
there's a difference between making
money and building wealth there's you go
through this
but newer people see the excitement they
see the money you make real quick when
you make a big share trade or when
something like that
they see all this and they want to get
in on it too and and they fomo
in and then they lose money and it's
like if you didn't have this this this
or you didn't have the gains channel
like in my discord have a gains channel
and people post their gains right they
never post their losses but they post
their gains sometimes they're up
7 000 in a week or like a thousand you
know percent a day
and it's like they go in there and they
see that and people like oh i can do
that too
and it's like you know i know that
that's just what people are doing
they're showing their stuff but at the
end of the day like
i don't know there's a small part of me
sometimes bigger than i think
that just i i don't want to see people
get hurt
i really don't want to see people get
hurt why do you say bigger than you
think
because i know that i it's not my fault
and that i've done
everything in my power to make it very
clear but
these people started doing this because
of me
and so a small part of me is like hey
you know i stopped doing options on
stream i i mean i still do a few here
but i used to do mostly options on
stream because it's exciting it's fun
it's content lots of money to be made or
lost quickly
but then i started noticing lots of
people that were new we're like oh i can
do that too i'm just going to copy
everything he does or everything
everybody else is doing
and they lose everything so i was like i
have more responsibility with a bigger
platform now
let me kind of bring it back to a little
bit more responsible
and still make content out of it okay
yeah and and so
i'm still i'm still feeling like i i
didn't get a clear answer to my question
how much does the guilt bother you
i mean like if i could take a a magic
wand and and wave it away
how appealing would that be
i mean it's not the biggest issue in my
life it's not
it's not it's not it's not like in the
top five issues in my life
but i think about it i spend all my time
outside stream that i'm not doing with
family dealing with the business and
with the stream and with the community
and stuff like that so
it does it does affect me but it's not
like you know i'm i'm i'm not able to
eat dinner because of it yep
yeah yeah so so well said so i i'm not
getting the sense that it is a big issue
so i guess um tsg what i'm kind of
digging for is essentially like a topic
for us to dive into because in my
experience the most useful thing is to
like
pick one thing and explore it thoroughly
right
and so by doing that we sort of
understand the nuance i think a big part
of your stream is like
helping people understand that it's not
simple
right yeah and helping people just get
to a better life because i come from
such poverty and such [ __ ] life
that you know this is something i'm
passionate about this is something i
love
and i want to share with people and the
fact that these guys are
so much positivity is coming out of it
just gives me this purpose of like
[ __ ] yeah i love this this is addicting
you know
yeah so can you tell us a little bit
about where you come from
uh sure so um basic tldr
uh both my parents were were drug
addicts uh my mom was a stripper
um they uh they moved to hawaii i was
born there
um they divorced shortly after i stayed
with my mom
mom was not right in in a lot of ways um
dealt with a lot of problems
uh lived in a shack in the on a mountain
side in
hawaii uh no electricity no running
water um
basically rain water with a fire for
showers in an outhouse and just running
around barefoot
um kind of went to school had a lot of
medical issues as a kid because of the
unsanitary conditions
um slept back and forth between her and
other other people
uh was taken out of the home my home
several times by the state
always returned um very very
um very bad abuse um in a lot of ways
there um
you know eating out of dumpsters because
she was trading you know
um food stamps for drugs and stuff like
that so it was really rough
i went back and forth between my dad on
the mainland panhandling for money with
him
so they could buy more drugs it was just
a really [ __ ] situation
um then when i was 10 taken out
brought to the mainland put in a
children's home um
was there by myself until i uh i
graduated high school
um went into the military was the only
opportunity i had because i was
i had a hard time in school uh went uh
went to war
came back uh did katrina recovery came
out
um didn't really have qualifications did
some jobs got into transit officer
did some other things got into hotels
eventually
playing poker learned how to gamble
which got me into the stock market which
got me into penny stocks which was
stupid blew up all my accounts
um then ended up learning about actual
stocks and actual investing and trading
and
that grew a passion learned about
economics and finance
and grew a huge passion started getting
good at trading and investing started
making good money off of it uh really
good money off of it
um then i had a really bad year lost my
uh my mother my father my brother and
another family member in one year but
before that they were sick so a lot of
money went to helping
um so i had to decide do i go back to
work and go back to trading so i did
both
and then um started streaming just for
fun because i was tired of
going online looking for community uh to
trade stocks
and talk stocks but everything was
either pump and dump or a scam or
selling courses or just idiots so i was
like let me create my own
started out with the fun djen stuff
found that people really really enjoyed
um d-gen stuff like just yoloing
like taking ten thousand dollars and
gambling it on a
wild stock you know for fun for content
um
but then i realized that people actually
wanted to learn this stuff
and i was able to teach it in a manner
that people understood it
and it just kind of grew from there and
now here we are
that's quite the story yeah i left a lot
out because i don't want to drag it out
but yeah
that's horrifying
oh i got married had a kid too yeah i
think we figured that part out
yeah yeah um but you know if you left a
lot out
i mean what what you put in didn't seem
seemed like quite the painful ride
yeah it sucked
let me think about how to ask this can i
think for a second yeah go for it go for
it
i'm usually not this open but i i mean
it my chat knows my backstory
for the most part
while you're thinking i'm gonna go turn
down the ac is that cool sure yeah go
for it
me
man i have no idea where to go from here
so much
sorry about that okay cool no that's
totally fine um so uh
tsg i find myself being incredibly
curious and fascinated about your
personal journey
um you know there's a lot of stuff in
there that sounds
absolutely like devastating to live
through
i think that there's a really
interesting like dichotomy between
the background that you share in the
person that you are today
like you seem happy to me
i mean we all have our personal
struggles um
you know stream i like what i do
and this is why i'm so passionate about
streaming because it's a moment for me
to forget
any other issue and to
to to to give other people happiness joy
or
um you know um help them
better their lives or you know i mean it
gives you that purpose like you go
through your life
never having a real purpose feeling like
you're just kind of like running a race
but you don't know where the finish line
is
and now it's like hey i found a path it
might not be the right path but
if i follow it maybe that's where the
finish line is you know i'm saying so at
least i'm
it's kind of given me that purpose and i
and i'm really passionate about it yeah
yeah and i've built a great community
well i haven't built it they've built it
but it's an amazing community
okay so i'm gonna
say this again so you seem happy
i mean i try to be i try to be i i've
got my own demons i deal with you know i
mean
and and i tell these guys all the time
you know everything you see stuff online
it's usually
a highlight reel right people put up
their highlight reels everybody i had a
conversation about this today
you know everybody sees the highlight
reel so yeah i mean i i struggle with
certain things but
um i think that um i'm in a better place
now than i have been in other times in
my life
so i want to highlight a couple of
things so one is that
you know the relationship i want to be
like a little bit precise with our
language
so one is that you know it sounds to me
like
you have your struggles you have your
demons that you fight
but that really having purpose is what
allows you to have the strength to deal
with those struggles
what would you say to that i'd say it's
more of a distraction
interesting can you say more about that
oh we're gonna get deep here okay um i
don't usually talk about my stuff but
i'll i'll do it sorry because it's
just pausing for a second so we're
hitting the border of my guilt okay
so we're here to learn about you and to
try to help you but also
i don't want you to say anything that
you don't feel comfortable saying
oh no no i'm not going to push into that
i'm just i'm just i'm just i mean
for the for for the purpose of this you
know it's good because i'm a very big
um advocate of of seeking or talking
about things and not bottling them up
obviously though i'm on a platform where
there's a lot of people so i have to be
careful
um but um what i mean by distraction so
i think that
and i say this a lot i feel like a lot
of the funniest people do it because
they're hiding pain
um and it's it's a way of of of of
dealing with that right so for me um
i think it's a distraction because not
only does it give me a purpose but when
i'm doing this
i'm not focusing on the other stuff this
is my focus
and so the other issues of not sleeping
a lot or having you know physical pains
or
you know potential mood swings or
anxiety or depression or whatever else
you deal with
this right here is you're on stage
there's the lights
you know that's it you know the crowd is
darkened it's you
and you're focusing on what you do and
you know that there's good feedback
you're doing a good thing
it's a great distraction it doesn't take
away but it does a good job of
distracting it's kind of like when you
deal with
horrible trauma whether it's in as a
childhood or in war
your brain sometimes compartmentalizes
that
and and and you'll block out certain
things that you would normally remember
your brain does that or
it'll compartmentalize it and let it
surface when you're sleeping and you
have night terrors or whatever
so i think that this is it it helps with
what issues i do face with i think it's
a great distraction
um not a cure but a distraction
and what about the cure
um i'm not a doctor so i mean i'm not
going to say that there is no cure for
these things i mean i'm sure that
therapy helps i'm sure that uh oh [ __ ]
tesla thank you
um i'm sure that medication stuff like
that you know which i've i've i've
talked and i've gotten some issues
or help with the issues i've had um and
i'm and you know
um but at this point i'm at that age
where it's like
you know i'm not cynical or apathetic to
the idea of curing it but i've just kind
of
dealt with it so long i'm just kind of
used to it
i think that makes a lot of sense let me
just
let me just repeat back what i heard so
as you said
i'm not a doctor so i can't say that
there's no cure
but basically there's no cure
that's why no no no no i believe that
there
there definitely is something out there
or there are
opportunities but for me i'm just like
why do what why do you believe that
well because i've been able to
get certain things that have helped me
move away from certain things
but at the same time i'm not one of
those guys who i'm a veteran
i've dealt with other veterans and i've
seen veterans dealing with stuff and the
cure was
them medicating them until they're a
zombie i can't live that kind of life i
would rather
live who i am in pain than live as a
zombie but not deal with
certain issues not that i'm against
medication i'm just saying i saw that
now
that doesn't sound like so as a
psychiatrist and a medical doctor
medicating someone to the point of being
a zombie is not what i would consider a
cure
i would consider that a bad thing as
someone who prescribes medication
for people to help with their mental
health i mean that's not a cure dude
that's
everything that is wrong with our mental
health system
is that we sometimes all we do is
medicate people until they're zombies
um but this is where i'm beginning to
think that maybe this conversation is
going to be far more important than i
thought at the beginning
because i i i'm beginning to think
that um
i'm beginning to think that you don't
have to live the way that you do
and i think that it's reasonable that
you live the way that you do because
that's all you've learned like you said
i think your your brain learned how to
compartmentalize
at a very very early age and so what i'm
hearing you kind of say is that like
this is a distraction
but like when the distraction ends
you're back to kind of where you were
and that your life is sort of filled
with these compartments of
of suffering basically and and that
you've learned how to adapt and live and
thrive
in spite of all of the things that you
have to deal with like you've learned
how to cope
right and successfully so what do you
think about that
i think there's i think um sorry i'm out
of my element here because normally i'm
meaning in chat and talking about this
and these guys have never seen me like
this i know but these guys have never
seen me get this kind of deep with it
and
it's a little bit out of character and
normally we're talking about the market
and all this stuff right now but so
i'm a little out of my element here so
and i'm in front of you know
several thousand people so it's uh it's
a little bit uh it's a new experience
for me so
forgive me if i have any trepidations or
any kind of like you know um
hesitations but um
yeah i mean i i it's not so much an idea
of just deal with it it's just
it's just like for example i had a birth
i have a birthmark right i have a
birthmark that covers
the front half of my chest my arm and
half my back right
as a child i was very conscious of it i
was very self-conscious of it i'd wear a
shirt in the pool
and i would worry about people staring
and stuff like that but as time went on
and i got older
i forgot i even had it yeah it's still
there sure every now and then i'll see
it in the mirror and i'll remember it's
a thing but i'm not conscious of it
anymore i'm not worried about it anymore
it's just part of who i am and that's
kind of with those issues it's just
become part of who i am and it's just
normalized for me
yeah so i understand that it's
normalized so i think um
okay can i think for a second please
so first thing i want to talk about is
trepidation you don't
need our forgiveness for your hesitation
or trepidation
the first thing that we have to
acknowledge is you say that i'm not used
to being like this
the first question is do you want to be
like this in this moment
or is this uncomfortable for you and you
don't want to be like this
as far as dealing with the issues that i
have the way i have this direction of
the conversation how okay with this
direction are you oh i'm fine if i'm
uncomfortable i'll let you know i mean
i'm okay right now yeah
i'm not i'm not gonna hide anything here
so so the next
question then is like okay let me give
you a let me give you an analogy okay so
uh tsg i was working with a a parent and
and she had a special needs child and so
she came to me because
um you know i'm holistic and all that
kind of stuff and
and so she had been diagnosed with
various stuff that probably wasn't very
accurate it really probably had to do
with just
the difficulties of having a special
needs child you know she had
and kind of really like when you have a
child you i'm sure you sort of
understand this a little
bit um you know you have expectations
uh of what your life is gonna be like
and and sometimes you have hopes
about what your child is you know what
your relationship with your child is
gonna be like and
and for some people they really build up
this this kind of fantasy in their mind
of like having children
and so for her there was a lot of
difficulty because like all these things
that she had kind of envisioned
doing um like you know teaching her
daughter how to dance and teaching her
daughter like passing on certain things
that she
she cared about and just really
realizing that like her daughter's never
going to be able to do like any of that
stuff
and and not only is she not going to be
able to do that stuff she's going to be
like in diapers her entire life
yeah and and so it's it's just really
challenging
and so i was having a conversation with
her and we'd worked together for a long
time and
and you know she was like i'm doing a
really good job of like
coping but it's it's hard and like every
day was about
coping coping coping coping coping and i
teach her this meditation technique i'd
teach her that meditation technique
and you know one day we kind of sat down
and i just said like this isn't gonna
work
and she was a little bit taken aback
because usually like i'm supposed to be
the hopeful one right
and and she was like what do you mean
this isn't going to work and i was like
you can't keep coping for the rest of
your life like that's just not
a that's not a life like constantly
putting out fires and constantly like
coping because you're on the verge of
breakdown and meditating your way
through your anxiety is like that's just
not
it's not gonna work right you can only
cope so much at some point
you need to like have relief or
like this problem needs to like resolve
itself in some way right like you can't
you know it's kind of like if your boat
is sinking and you're bailing water like
you can't
sustainably bail water like sure it
works in the moment
but at some point you got to like plug
the holes does that make sense
no it makes sense for sure i mean i i'm
on board with you there i
i mean for me i just i don't know if
it's so much
i mean i've i've always been this person
where like i said
um i've had a hard time even building
relationships right like i i the reason
is is because
you know and i don't mean that this is
gonna sound so sappy but i'm just gonna
say it because it'll move the
conversation in the right direction
you know i didn't hear the word i love
you until i was
20. you know mom never
dad never never a hug never uh never uh
never uh
never uh uh how was your day never any
of that right
so when i was a small child i didn't
build that understanding of
relationships
of longing of of missing of feeling you
know wanted and accepted
so for me i've always struggled with
even
i mean i have to rem i have to be
reminded to call a family member after
three or four weeks just because it's
just it doesn't it doesn't register
my you know my my friends or my family
leave i don't miss people
i don't get butterflies in my stomach
you know what i'm saying so like
for me it's always i've always lived in
this instant gratification um
lifestyle and it led to a lot of
destructive behaviors when i was younger
and so that's something that i've dealt
with and so when i look at something
like that
it it makes it more difficult you know
to look down the down the path and say
hey
you know i look forward to having a wife
and kids and grandkids in a little
cottage
for me it's like i just i just see
emptiness and i don't know what's what's
up and i'm just like ah [ __ ] it you know
what i mean let's let's
just do the best we can
that sounds wonderful it sounds [ __ ]
horrible it's terrible
that's why i love streaming so much
because i just need what's
what's horrible about it because
because you get jealous looking at other
people who have like a
this is actually taking i really i'm now
i'm just ruining my whole brand because
i'm telling people always have a plan
and i have a plan i'm just saying like
it's not about not having a plan it's
about it's about that that that
building that through time i just had a
daughter so i think that a lot of that's
changing
because i'm i'm worried about her you
see what i'm saying
like it's the first time i'm worried
about somebody and so i go and i check
on her and i hear and stuff like that so
i think it's
really really um really awesome do i
have a plan yeah i have a plan but i
think that
it's just one of those things where man
i'm getting deep in front of a lot of
people but um
i think it'll help maybe help somebody
out there so i wanna i wanna be able to
say what i can
um you know i i i just it's just that
feeling of like
of like like i said the whole idea of
running the marathon or running the race
but not knowing where the finish line is
like you're just running around
looking for something you think you know
what you're looking for
but until you see it you don't know
where it is you were hoping for a path
and i'm trying to give myself that path
what's it like to not know where your
life is going
it's always been [ __ ]
but i think that through a lot of
a lot of things that have been happening
recently in my life they're starting to
they're starting to become a path i tell
these guys all the time you may be
having a really bad year
but you can't give up because you never
know 2019 right 2019
um lost my mother lost my father are you
afraid that you're not gonna
be able to walk that path even if you
can see it
can you can you mean like not walk the
path if i can i mean are you
concerned that like because you kind of
talk a little bit about other people
right so you like mentioned for a moment
so i said that sounds wonderful and you
were like
it's horrible and then you were like
kind of like other people can
see where they're going like other
people have like things that they
want and that they're looking forward to
and what i'm hearing from you
no no no i'm not i'm not trying to
compare myself to other people because i
think that comparing yourself to the
people is just a keeping up with the
joneses and you will
spend your entire life trying to have
something that not even you you just
become
the shell and you spend all your money
and time i don't mean other people as in
as in like all other people i mean like
i'll see my wife and her relationship
with her mother
they talk on the phone four five six
hours a day they laugh they talk they
they look forward to it every single day
i feel like it's a burden no because i
like i gotta
i gotta remind myself to call people and
then as soon as i'm on the phone i'm
like looking for an exit
and what's it like to be like that
lonely
frustrating what's frustrating about it
well because it's like when you don't
want to be in a certain position or
certain situation
but yet you're there it's frustrating
it's like being in traffic right like
you want to get to your location you
want to go there but you're stuck in
traffic
and it's the same kind of thing it's
like other people in the other lanes are
going by
and you're just sitting there and you're
like what the [ __ ] you know and so
that's kind of the analogy i would use
yeah that's a beautiful analogy so so
where is it that you're stuck what is it
that like when you look over to the
other lane and you see other people
going by what is it that you wish
you had that other people seem to have
that you seem to not have i don't want
what other people have
what i just i just i'm just hoping
and this is it's starting to happen with
the stream and the purpose and the
family
frustrating because it's so much work
but it's i'm a workaholic my wife will
tell you i never stop working
24 7. anything i do i i just work work
work until i get to the top of it
whether it was working in
you know as an officer working in hotels
even streaming she made a joke about it
she goes
when you started streaming i i didn't
realize you know whatever and then you
know
through a lot of circumstances here we
are it's because i don't stop working
because
i need to be busy and the reason i need
to be busy is because if i have idle
hands i do destructive things because
i'm bored or because i'm just
you know i i i need something so i'm
always busy
so i'm i'm getting a little bit of um
dissonance a little bit of cognitive
dissonance from you
so and let me just lay this out i know
it's going to sound [ __ ] weird
so you do this beautiful job of talking
about an analogy
where you're in one lane and you see the
other people going by
and then when i ask you
you know what is it about like you're
stuck in traffic and other people are
driving freely like
help me understand what it is about
other people that
you know you want and then you've said
this twice now where you're like oh i
try not to compare
myself to other people which i think
totally makes sense i'm completely
behind
what you're saying that it leads to
keeping up with the joneses and egos and
comparisons and things like that
and at the same time i think like so
there's one part of your mind that's
sort of like i don't compare myself to
anyone else i am who i am
this is me i have a unique situation
totally behind you with you 100
and yet there's still this part of you
that's sort of like drawing these
analogies about like
you know you make comparisons because
you talk about how your wife
talks to her mom for like four hours a
day and when you talk to someone on the
phone you can't wait to get off the
phone
so it's sort of weird because like i'm
seeing and hearing comparisons but when
i
when i try to dig into them with you i
kind of get
blocked
does that make sense yeah i i think i'm
just i'm just not
really good at explaining it because i'm
not really used to talking about this
stuff
um i'm kind of doing it very ambiguously
i think not on purpose but i think it's
just
it's just me trying to put my thoughts
together and it's just not coming out
clearly
so uh that's exactly why we're here
i'm sorry one second
okay um we work in the ambiguous
territory that's where we want yeah
absolutely
absolutely um no i mean uh you know
i think i think back to what i was
saying about relationships i think that
um i think i want to know what it's like
to have those feelings
the feeling of longing for someone the
feeling of like that love that warm you
know
you know i'm saying like missing
somebody looking forward to seeing
somebody
and not the idea of oh god i gotta go do
this or i gotta do this or you know
um oh i gotta you know whatever or
whatever i'll do it another time i think
that's something that would be
is very very uh it's something that i
always look at and say you know what
i wish i had that it's not that i'm
jealous of other people that are having
it
i just kind of wish i had it in in my
own way you know what i mean like i'm
not mad at somebody else for having like
i'm super happy that my wife
has a great relationship with her mother
i just like i wonder what that's like
and it seems like it's a nice thing yeah
so tell me when you're on the phone with
someone how do you feel
it depends on why i'm on the phone with
them
that's a good answer so so so let's say
like a family member
i don't have much family left but like
if it's my if it's my grandfather
you know i want to check in to make sure
he's okay you know he's older
um and then sometimes we share stories
which are fun but then it's like okay
cool
you know talk to you later talk to you
later if it's uh
do you feel satisfied by that
interaction
i guess to be a level of satisfaction am
i satisfied that he's doing better am i
satisfied that we had a talk
either which one are you satisfied by
i'm obviously satisfied that he's he's
doing well because he's older and i
don't want anything to happen to him but
you know um you know i've had a lot of
family members
that i lost and some of it i didn't feel
anything
you know what i mean it's like what do
you think about that
i think it goes back to the whole idea
of not having that connection
you know it's like it's like when you
lose somebody that you have that
connection to
there's much more you know pain and
sorrow and emotional
you know draining but when you
lose somebody who like for example if
you lost the if
you if your best friend you grew up and
played football with in high school you
found out died in a car accident that's
going to hit you
but a dude who was you're in band camp
with that you guys played on the same
line
you knew him but you know you're like
that sucks
you know whatever but it's not going to
affect your day-to-day life yeah
make a lot of analogy so you'll have to
forgive me i'm a very visual learner
so i always use analogies so that i can
see what i'm talking about
love it bro i think it's it's a great
way to explain
we'll get to that too about why you do
that
um and and so let me ask you something
tsg are you do you feel lonely
um ah wow
um i mean
oh god oh that's a hard one to answer
do i feel lonely i mean you know
[ __ ] uh
i don't even know how to answer that
it's not a simple yes or no
that means that it's the right question
oh [ __ ] right so this is this is the
barrier of our understanding
and it's complicated right and so when i
talk about
cure cure isn't really the right word
but when i talk about resolution so here
let me explain for a second okay
so i may do a lot of explaining today so
let me start by saying that tsg i think
you're an awesome
guy dude like it's amazing
what you've built out of the life that
you were given
like i'm truly truly impressed um
and i think unfortunately like as you've
astutely
realized you sort of like weren't
given some of the basic rule book like
growing up
right like you said like you weren't
told like you don't know what it's like
to miss someone or love someone or or
whatever
i mean you're learning now um and and
you know you put your mind to it which
is also fantastic
but like there are a lot of things that
people take for granted which like you
haven't been able to take for granted
like missing people and so
i think when we talk about it not
necessarily cure but like what
i would call it resolution or
integration so this is the other thing
is that you've learned how to
compartmentalize stuff
and so you're kind of a workaholic
because like work is your distraction
and like what does it distract you from
the personal struggles whatever they may
be
and this is where like when we think a
little bit about work-life balance and
things like that when we think a little
bit about you know what the next decade
of your life is going to be like
and and what your daughter
kid is is going to you know learn from
you like what is she going to learn from
you about work
and and things like that and and how are
you going to sort of balance that
i think it's worthwhile to think a
little bit about you know do you
distract yourself
so much because the things aren't
resolved
and in order to resolve those things i
think they can be resolved i don't think
you have to distract yourself so much
what are those things are these like
issues of you know loneliness
where you know that's just one word but
it means so much more
it's not just lonely because like you
know your family's around
and you like you have the community and
there are all these things that you have
that should be an antidote to loneliness
and what i'm hearing from you is that
despite you having a lot of stuff
that makes it so that you're not
shouldn't be lonely
and on a day-to-day basis i would even
say that like you know you don't really
feel
lonely like your wife pops in and then
you you're with your daughter and you're
doing this and you're
being a dad and you're being a husband
and you're talking to the community and
you're supporting people and like so you
have a lot of people around
and you have like important connections
with those people but i also get the
sense that you're
kind of alone that like even though
there are people around and you have
these relationships that like
there's some kind of like connection
that's missing that like you know
it's almost like there's a color that
you can't see
but you know it's there and so when you
talk to your grandfather it's like oh
i'm happy because my grandfather's doing
well but
i i feel like i should feel something
more i just don't
know because i never really have
how am i doing no i mean i think i think
you're you're on
on a decent tractor i mean yeah it's
just because like i mean
this is gonna sound horrible [ __ ]
horrible but at least it
understanding if for some reason
you know what i have is taken away from
me tomorrow
i'll be able to continue on
okay and i need to say that because i
don't want people being like a
misunderstanding from from an outside
perspective saying oh
if you if your wife and child or your
house or your job or everything went
away you'd be able to continue on
i've just been on my own my whole life i
would never want that to happen
but for the transparency conversation i
think it's
it's it's important that i say that so
people understand what we're talking
about because
that's that's some deep [ __ ] right there
yeah tsg i think we all
know that i don't think anyone who's
watched this whole conversation
is surprised to hear that and i think
what you've
learned how to do is to be alone to
exist
alone right and so i have no doubt that
that you know it would hurt and on one
level you would be devastated
but like you're an old hand at being
abandoned
yeah yeah i mean and and a lot of times
it's like
i mean veteran from the military or from
a veteran being
on your own it's a play on words both
oh okay as i say because i'm both i
didn't know if you were trying to make a
connection there or not my bad
never yeah but you were saying sorry
no i was just agreeing with you yeah for
sure yeah
so how do you what do we do about that
well i mean like i said i've i've i've
found two focus in my life that i'm
i know it's not it's not a cure and it's
not it's it's just transferring the same
thing i did before of distracting from
uh destructive behavior which was
drinking and gambling and smoking and
doing crazy stuff
and now instead of using that as a
distraction i'm using two new things and
that's one is the stream the job the
helping people which is great feels good
and now the idea that i have a sole
purpose of two things that my daughter
never struggles the way i did
and that she can grow up to be proud of
her father that's the only two things
that are on my mind on a day-to-day
basis
is building this so that i can build a
life for her and
and making sure that i am a man that she
is proud to call her father
those are the two things i give a [ __ ]
about now what's it like to have a
father that you're not proud of
oh okay we're not doing this okay okay
um what's it like to have a father
you're not proud of
hold on when you say we're not doing
this does that mean you
you're allowed to say we're not doing
this and we're not gonna do it oh no no
no it's an expression i say
like we're like like i'm talking to me
and myself like we're not doing this
we're not gonna like
like show too many emotions here okay
not you and i are not doing this like
we like like well that sounds
schizophrenic that's not what i meant
but like
it says expression i say like we're not
doing this okay so let me let me
continue on
um uh it sounds like you learned how to
talk to yourself because you maybe
didn't have other people to talk to
no no no no no i i say it to chat all
the time and i'm like we're not doing
this like we're not gonna move this to
level but usually like
i'm not going to give you the reaction
that you want but that's not what i
meant here so just please ignore what i
said it's for
legal purposes i didn't mean like you
and i are not going to do this let's
just move on
make me sound schizo for a second not
that there's anything wrong with that um
all right uh my father so the difference
between my mother and my father is that
i didn't i didn't i knew my father loved
me i knew he loved me
he had demons inside he dealt with
opioid drug addiction his entire life up
until
he died of a fentanyl overdose a few
days a few years ago
and i saw him shell away
and despite all the pain he caused me
because of the things he did i knew that
he didn't do it out of
malice out of ill intent he was doing it
because he was a slave to the drugs and
an addiction and he had these demons
inside so i knew that he loved me
and so i loved him for that i wasn't the
best son
because obviously my own issues but
you know i i
i felt horrible and i wish i could have
done something to help him but a million
times it was
let's get into rehab let's get him clean
let's do this but it just it just
stopped and it was always
needing money or robbing and he would do
some of the dumbest stuff
like he one time asked me when i was a
transit officer
he was like this guy stole my tv can you
go in uniform with your weapon and and
knock on his door and get it back i'm
like do you realize you just asked me to
commit a felony
to get your tv back that you probably
sold for drugs like he doesn't think you
know so
that one was tough but i always loved my
father i loved my father in a way that
well you don't realize you love somebody
until they're gone sometimes but like
i i don't know if the love was there but
i didn't dislike my father my mother on
the other hand
was an evil person so two different
things
how did you know your father loved you
he never hurt me intentionally
and he would try when he was in a sober
mind
to do good things
like what you know like
say things you know like like for
example like my father would try if he
was sober to make sure that i was fed or
to make sure
that you know i was safe i guess
like i mean most of my childhood's been
blocked off so
a lot of the things i used to remember i
don't remember anymore um
but uh but yeah you know my father my
father was was not a bad person
i know that he he everything he did he
did
for the addiction
and so i can see through that as
somebody who's dealt with his own demons
and say
he hurt people not because he wanted to
but because it was just
who what what what that addiction did
and it was never a male intent and you
can tell the difference between
hurting someone physically or doing
something because you're getting your
fix
no you can i definitely can because i've
seen it i've been there you know we've
all been you know not all
yeah so what i'm hearing is that
you know i know it sounds kind of weird
because you mentioned like panhandling
and heroin use and stuff like that but
i'm i'm still getting the sense that you
could tell that your father like
cared about you like you thought
about okay you know before i get high
i'm gonna make sure like here's
here there's half a pizza in the fridge
if you eat it get hungry
and yeah i mean i didn't get to spend as
much time with my father but
um when i would see him you know there
he would he would he would come and give
me a hug and say stuff you know what i
mean like like
like later on in life
yeah um [ __ ] i don't remember a lot of
what he would say um sometimes he would
say love you bud
later on in life but i'd already been
past all that other stuff
so that was kind of important to me
because it was like hey you know he
wouldn't say that
in that moment unless he meant it you
know what i mean i may not feel it but i
i know he meant it
yeah yeah so you know just a
quick intellectual side point how do you
know he means it
because when he was high or trying to
get something from me
versus when he was just he didn't he
didn't ask for anything else
he did he didn't have any ulterior
motives it was just a goodbye hug
love you buddy there wasn't a there
wasn't a game
hey i love you can you do this for me
you know i mean there's a big difference
between that
yeah so so i think that that makes a lot
of sense and i'm going to toss something
else out
that maybe the reason another reason
that you knew he loved you is because
you did feel something that you were
unaware of
potentially just something to think
about down the road
yeah i think that that was you know one
of those things where you know
especially towards the end of his life
i felt a lot of you know i felt i i i
deal with guilt for some reason
in a lot of things um and of course when
somebody
dies you're like hey did i do enough to
try and save him did i
was i good enough to him in his final
moments to remember i mean i remember
he stayed alive i don't know i don't
know if he took his own life or he just
accidentally overdosed
but you warned them enough about gmb
did i warn my dad enough about gme nope
did you warn him
it's okay so so it's interesting right
because i'm noticing a parallel between
like
what oh okay you're going back to the
beginning of the conversation i was like
sitting here talking about my dad taking
his own life and you're like did you
warn him enough about jimmy i'm like is
that a [ __ ] sick joke dude like i was
about to get pissed okay
no okay um go back to what you're saying
yeah sorry sorry about that i should
have been a little bit no it's not your
fault
i was i'm a visual person so i was
somewhere else when i heard that so i
apologize
i shouldn't have gotten that go ahead
what you're saying no your reactions i
think are fair
it's just i i i was noticing that that
there's actually sort of like a common
thread about like guilt and like doing
enough for people
uh like does that feel connected to you
at all
yeah i mean sorry i i got a little i was
just
i really feel bad about what i just did
i didn't mean to like like
i was really confused in the moment so i
apologize again
um yeah it goes back to guilt a lot of
times and i don't know why because i
don't feel like i ever have i'll give
you an example my brother was passing
was was was had lung cancer and and
liver cancer a lot of abuse to his life
and i was reached out to and said hey
can you be a liver donor we can't get a
liver to him
can you be a liver donor holy and
and they said hey if you don't you know
you know we need you to do it and i was
like
wait a second you my mother who i
haven't spoken to in years
have reached out to me after 10 years to
say
your brother's dying can you donate your
liver or what part of your liver
i'm like wait a second why because they
can't find a donor anywhere so now
i am like wait a second
you're now asking me to be in a
situation to give a liver if i say yes
it could save if i say no it could kill
him and i knew she was a manipulative
person but that just [ __ ] with me
and so i sat on this for several days
and i'm like if i give part of my liver
it could save his life but at the same
time
you know i could i could recover or
because i drank a shitload when i was
younger and i had fatty liver at one
point i could have complications from it
and i'm like i have a wife now and i'm
trying to have a kid
you know what what do i do and so now
i'm sitting here making this decision
and i'm like holy [ __ ] man you know and
then i decided that you know i talked to
somebody and they said
they said to me they said um don't ever
um
don't ever make a decision based on
guilt and they said are you doing the
decision because you want to or because
you'll feel guilty if you don't
and so i didn't do it and my brother
died
and i still live with that
because i had to make a decision over my
blood brother you know whatever even
though
regardless of our relationship or the
chances of me
not being there for my wife and
potential daughter and that was a really
[ __ ] up situation we put in and i had
to make that decision so yeah
there's always guilt you know what i
mean
i mean there's no there's no way to make
a decision there and not have some kind
of feelings
oh absolutely i'm just there's no way to
listen to that story and not have
feelings i'm just floored just by here
like
by trying to imagine what your situation
is
i'm that was only 18 months ago by the
way
that's crazy i just need a second to
like sit with
how impossible and shitty of a situation
that is
yeah yeah it did yeah i didn't mean to
like derail this
i i i don't think you can derail it it's
all just part of the road man
yeah i thought i was told that these
talks are usually pretty like just fun
loving and stuff i didn't mean to like i
mean i don't know i'm
have you seen our streams before no i
haven't that's the problem that's why i
came in so unprepared like i was i
only saw clips of you and it was always
funny [ __ ] so i don't know
yeah i mean i'm trying to use humor to
get out of this like awkward moment for
me so
yeah do let me get my gatorade
yeah i'm just gonna yep
gotta get out that's right
dick joke no i didn't go anywhere i just
wanted to get something to drink i was
thirsty
yeah yeah no it's all good
yeah holy [ __ ] man yeah
stocky uh stocky uncensored here
tell me about your mom
tell me about my mom um
[Music]
stripper um drugs um
became a uh well never mind
not important um
probably had lots of mental health
issues that i i don't know about um
you know we lived in a in a shack no
electricity no running water
very abusive um you know uh
very loved my sister uh for some reason
and my sister's a great
you know my sister also had to deal with
a lot of these problems too but she you
know didn't
she she was upset when i was born
because i was a boy um
my older brother dealt with a lot of it
a lot of abuse
not to get real into details but sure
you know
sitting on raw rice for hours tying up
with a
phone cord and cow prodding um you know
hitting with a
skillet across the face i got stabbed in
the face like lots of [ __ ] up things
um her boyfriend's everything on raw
rice mean
kneeling on raw rice so what you would
do is if your kid was
acting up and you were a psycho you
would put raw rice and then make them
kneel on it for a couple hours until it
brews them
really badly oh my god yeah yeah dealt
with some crazy [ __ ]
so then uh so then um the uh the the
state would take away
uh take us away for a little while put
us with somebody else for a little while
then we'd come back so
i don't want to get in any more details
from that but uh pretty
pretty [ __ ] up situation um and uh
and uh and uh dealt with a lot of severe
abuse
um the whole family did uh and so that
was it um didn't really see her a lot
more after that
only saw her whenever she would try to
get money from somebody suing somebody
or trying to do whatever
um no love lost there no love lost there
good so so when when we were talking
about your dad you kind of mentioned
that your mom was like
malicious like it seems like she was
like
a bad yeah i think that i think that she
was abused probably when she was younger
it was just her way of
understanding how to deal with kids and
then because you know drugs get involved
you don't understand what you're doing
and you just kind of
do it i i i at this point it doesn't
matter the reason behind it should
happen it's in the past you know i've
moved on from it well
tried to do you ever wonder about your
upbringing and how that could affect you
as a father
i think that my upbringing is going to
make me
make sure that those mistakes that i not
mistakes but
the things that happen to me will never
happen um
i've never lifted a hand to anyone
you know like in in in a personal com
you know issue you know obviously if i
different situations but you know i've
never even raised a hand to my wife
or to a girlfriend or a family member
you know in that way
that's not who i am um i i i don't even
think i could if i wanted to
um you know i i i get frustrated as a
person who doesn't sleep and have a
stream and the baby you know cries but i
grab her
and i rock her and i sing songs to her
and i love feeding her and i love her
little smile
and her cute little feet and she's she's
just adorable when she's not screaming
her head off like somebody's trying to
murder her
um so i i look forward to it and i've
already planned on all these little
things like i'm like
hey maybe she wants to be tea time and
princess stuff and i'll get a a
projector and
and get little little mermaid we'll
watch it or if she's into you know
you know other stuff we'll go i'll teach
her how to survival or camping or
whatever like whatever she's into like
i'm excited to
grow up with her and like kind of
kind of give her that life like i don't
want to spoil her because i understand
the
the concept of hard work and how much
that's important but i'm really looking
forward to just like
being that dad you know what i mean like
being in her life to the point where
she's like
god dad you're embarrassing you know
like like i wanna have fun you know and
i wanna i wanna give her
i never got to play catch with my dad if
i think is what i'm trying to get at
and i will forever understand and know
and see people playing catch with their
dad
and and not know what that feeling is
like and understand it's like
let's play ball dad let's play ball
i was i didn't get to do that so i want
my
daughter in whatever way she means that
whether it's tee time or throwing the
ball
i want to be the guy when my daughter
says hey dad
let's play ball i'd be like you got it
let's do it
i'm just gonna tear up here for a second
and sit with those nah i don't i'm not i
mean i'm just i'm just being real with
you you know what i mean like
this gives me i'm tearing up oh okay my
bad
is it okay no absolutely i i i'm not
it's not my intention i'm just
it's just it's just one of those things
where you know um
it's an opportunity i have and
and i'm not gonna screw it up
sounds like she's very lucky to have you
as a dad
i just want to be someone she's proud of
as well i i wanna
i wanna i wanna not just proud of but i
also
to i want her to not
have to worry what it's like to be
hungry
to be cold to be sick to have your head
shaved because you have lice
to have intestinal problems i don't want
her to have to
be picked up by her hair and punched
until she pisses blood when she's seven
years old
i don't want her to be locked in a
generator room until she passes out from
gas food you know gas fumes
i don't want her to be taken from her
home i just want her to be comfortable i
want her to be loved i want her
i want her to be happy
and i want to be the one to give her
that happiness and i want to be the
right father
that's what i want to do i want to give
my daughter everything that i wasn't
given
at the end of the day
i'm going to need a second yeah go for
it go for it
trying to think about how to put these
words together
this is tricky
all right we'll just give this a shot
so i want you to think for a second
about the life that you want to give her
right and and what is it like
to have grown up
with none of the things that you want to
give to your daughter
like i want you to take a moment to like
imagine
what it would be like like imagine how
you would feel if your
daughter did grow up with all of that
stuff
how would that make you feel i
i don't want to overdo it i don't want
to overcompensate i don't want to
over spoil her i'm not talking about
that let me rephrase
so i want you to you know all what you
said that you don't want your daughter
to live through all of that stuff right
right
well of course not no okay okay so so
how would you feel if she did
and i had any ability to prevent it
if you couldn't do a damn thing about it
i can't even imagine that i can't i all
i can think of is that
i don't care if i have to sell hot dogs
on a corner or
boxes in a fedex truck or if i've got a
if i've got a you know it doesn't matter
what i have to do i will not let that
happen so i can't even imagine it
okay i will do anything how to make sure
how do you feel about those things
happening to you
it's in the past i can't go back and
change the past i can only learn from it
and be a better person and help
take the lessons or not even lessons
because i didn't do anything wrong
see what that pain is like know what
it's like and make sure that that that
that someone else doesn't ever see that
pain if i can prevent it
so i think that that's a wonderful
approach to take and i feel like it's
incomplete
because this is what i'm gonna try to
share with you okay tsg
stalking so like i want you to think
about the feelings that you would have
towards your daughter right and she's a
child like she can't you can't protect
yourself when you're seven
and for those horrible things to happen
like it awakens
she's eight weeks now yeah yeah so it it
awakens within you a profound
emotion a profound protective instinct a
profound love
[Music]
and i want you to notice that there's
like a huge difference between the way
that you
view that happening to her in the way
that you view it happening to yourself
right it's like night and day yeah but
i'm looking at it from the point of
perspective is that i can prevent that
from happening
it it it's up to me like like she is
she's an innocent
i understand that i i and i know you're
going to i know this is weird
i know it's weird i'm trying to follow
you i'm trying to follow you yep yep yep
i think it's going to be
very foreign to you may not not even get
because i think the concept so what i'm
essentially talking about is like maybe
i'll just put
it make it a little intellectual what
i'm talking about is self-compassion
so what i'm hearing from you is that
like painful things have happened to you
but you don't really
know how to feel pity or love or
anything like that like
towards your former self
i i feel like my former self is is a
different person
and i don't mean like that a better or a
worse person i just feel like
good i just feel like you know what i
feel like you know those little russian
dolls
yes good okay it's kind of like that
right yeah like like like
a little guy is inside but you're no
longer he's a shell he's inside that
shell and now you became that guy
and now you're in the military you were
in uh
acting you were in this that's what is
those people are in there
but there's been so many layers over
that i don't even recognize them and
it's so hard to find them that it's just
kind of you know they're there
but you got to work your way to get
there and i don't really like you
okay if it's too much work that's fine
if it's too much work that's
completely that's an excellent reason to
not do it
but i think it's it's beautiful because
i i think like this is the thing is like
that seven year old still needs
all of the love that your daughter is
gonna need from you
yeah but that that part of your brain
that is developed during that time you
can't go
back and rewire that you can re-learn
certain
you can learn new things but you're not
that i mean i'm not a doctor like i said
i'm not a doctor but from my under my
limited understanding
of the human brain and development that
zero to
three year old of so many emotions being
built
i mean you can rewire it but you can't
like get back that innocence and the
understanding of it from that
level like it's like okay give an
example it's like if you're in a
relationship and everything's great
but then you're cheated on you can learn
to trust
in your future relationships but you can
never get that innocence back
because you'll always remember that
always have that small piece in the back
of your head so that innocence is gone
in your future relationships you can
learn to trust again you can forgive and
you can be with somebody else and say
i trust this person but that innocence
is gone
and i think that that's what i was
trying to get like i can fix i can
rewire my brain but that initial
thing is never gonna be there and i
recognize that at least for me
maybe i'm wrong
so i'm not so sure that i agree
but what i feel really confident in is
that there's like some middle ground
so when we think about like trauma
therapy okay
so like a big part of trauma therapy is
something that we call processing
and so part of that processing is like
so there's compartmentalization with
distraction
there's learning from the past and being
a good father like all awesome stuff
don't get me wrong
but there's also like i get the sense
stocky that
you know there's actually like a lot
of relief to be had for you
and and
you seem frustrated i'm not frustrated
i'm just
it's it's i believe you but like at this
point in my life it's like
i've become so apathetic to the whole
thing that
like i believe that there is but
i'm i'm so i don't know maybe it's maybe
it's i try to
distract myself maybe i'm just
frustrated with it maybe i've just given
up maybe it's just
it doesn't matter maybe i've got a new
new focus in life but like you're saying
you're never going to be that good
father you're never going to be that
really good father unless you can also
heal yourself it's like i tell these
guys all the time you can't learn they
like why am i not in a relationship why
can't i find somebody
you can't love someone else until you
love yourself
who said you couldn't be a good father
oh no no i'm not saying that i'm saying
i could be a better father
by by by i feel like i could be a better
father
how does it oh [ __ ] this is a whole
thing
so let me let me tell you what i just
saw so i saw maybe i maybe i said the
wrong words and i was trying to get over
something
i'm pretty sure you said the right words
so i saw frustration
so i said stocky there's a way forward
and you're like [ __ ]
you're not doing anything wrong and
there's no misspeaking everything is
there i i think it's it's
it's it's perfect just the way it is
okay you're not
so let me explain to you what and like
now like this is i'm putting you in a
really tough situation stocky
i never realized this until this moment
because you have i don't think you're
apathetic i think you've tried really
hard and like you've sort of given up on
integrating yourself and really fixing
this you're sort of like i can learn
from the past i can be a good father i
don't have to fix myself
i just have to stuff it all to the side
i can distract i can do it i can do it
and here i come and i tell you you can
fix it
and now you're like [ __ ] because if i
don't fix
it then like am i not gonna be like am i
letting my daughter down by not fixing
it like i'm putting you in one hell of a
bind bro
i mean it's a two-way street for me i
think part of that
jadedness i wouldn't call it jadeness
but part of that
that that
that what i went through and what i deal
with is motivation to be a better father
right but at the same time i don't know
if it's just procrastination
if it's if it's anxiety it's like i
don't know if i
want to to work on it like i don't know
if i really want to
because like i said i'm 35 at this point
it's like
i don't know if i even want to work on
it because it's just part of who i am
it's like the birthmark right
do i want to you know i mean sure i
could probably
pay to get this taken off or you know
enlightened or whatever like that but
it's just who i am i don't even pay
attention it doesn't matter to me
anymore like i
it's it's out of sight out of mind i
don't actively think about it anymore
yeah it's there and i'll notice it in
the mirror sometimes if i'm paying
attention but
it's like [ __ ] it's just who i am
yeah i know it's much deeper than that
but i don't all know i don't know
i i i i don't think you need to work on
it
and i don't think you want to work on it
which i think is totally fine
i think you're gonna be an amazing
father whether you work on this or not
so i just i wanna i just wanna leave a
good impact on the world i wanna i want
i wanna i wanna
feel like i have a purpose and i wanna
leave a good impact i wanna you know i
told you with my daughter that's that's
what i want to do i want to be that
you i don't matter as much anymore like
in my mind
not to sound dark but i'm not worried
about me anymore
as in as in not like i don't care i'm
nobody
i find the fact that i can give so many
other people out there
so much it feels like
i don't know how to explain it you know
i don't want to be famous i don't want
to be
i don't want to be you know them to
write you know
books or something about me but the fact
that
i can get satisfaction by helping other
people change their lives whether it's
through
financial education or or or jokes or
making them laugh or get them through
their work day
it feels good you know what i mean it's
like and i know this is probably gonna
circle back to though well you were
never wanted you never felt wanted as a
kid and now you feel wanted
so this is what you're doing you're
making up for it i'm i know that i'm not
no but that i feel like that's part of
what's going to come from this
but do you think that's true oh i knew i
knew i'd set myself up for this i knew i
said second i said it i knew it i saw
the look in your eyes and i knew i set
myself i was confused because i was
going to make the opposite
conclusion oh please go on then go on no
no but i'm curious what you think
no no please please after you
okay we'll just okay fine i'll go first
so i what i was actually kind of
concerned about stocky was that
you know you know when have you mattered
you said you you've come to re like you
know you've come to put other people
first which i totally get
good good for you good it's gonna make
you a good dad
is gonna make you valuable on twitch
that you really care about
your community like i think that's
awesome man but
have you ever mattered i put myself
first before
and i [ __ ] a lot of things up
hmm because i'm a selfish son of a [ __ ]
if i care about myself only
i smoke i drink i gamble i [ __ ] uh i
um i do a lot of things that
uh that that that that i i i'm not proud
of
um and so and so
you know i try to be busy because i tend
to find a purpose and focus
on um positive things and and keeping
myself busy you know what i mean so i
think that that's really really
important because when i put myself
first it's like
i mean i'm working on it i'm trying to
like put myself first in healthy ways
like oh
go do this or go do that or go do this
but then i'm just bored and i'm like
[ __ ] that i'll just work you know it's
more
at least i'm working towards something
rather than wasting time
yeah so stocky i i you doing okay buddy
yeah i'm just i'm just sometimes i say
very little with a lot of words and i'm
like
i think sometimes you say a lot with
very few words
maybe um
if you're curious about that all you
have to do is go back and watch the
vaude about when i asked you if you're
lonely
you okay yeah my wife grant walked in to
grab something and i was just telling
her to
be careful yeah okay um
so saki i'd like to share a couple of
thoughts with you and then i'd love to
get your thoughts about
you know or maybe i should ask well why
don't you go first this time
because this is going to be but help me
understand like what what what did we
talk about today
i thought we were going to talk about
the problems with gambling addiction
and finance fatigue and the dangers of
doing things
and you were probably gonna maybe roast
my hairline and then we were gonna talk
about boomers joke about our indian
wives
which now sounds terrible that i said
that uh and i didn't have a good time
bro
um i thought that was gonna be good
times uh and then we were gonna make
jokes about you know
roadies being around i was gonna tell
you about first time she cooked the
whole nine yards i thought that's what
was gonna happen but
we got deep but you know what i'm not
upset about it not ashamed of any of it
not embarrassed of any of it i
i i think that i like to tell my story
not as in-depth as we did here but i
think that it can help inspire people
um a lot of people always think that
when they think about my
one of my big goals is to get people
started whether it's investing or
whatever getting started and a lot of
people don't do it because it's so
intimidating
it's this big intimidating thing and i
tell them it's like the gym right
every guy you see throwing up 400 pounds
eventually started small and if some guy
like me
who grew up with absolutely nothing came
from conditions that were third world
and and went through so many
so much pain and struggle can still do
it
whether it's investing or getting your
life or doing something you know
maybe that can help somebody else i
actually like
giving some inspiration if it means me
giving my story so that's something good
that came out of it
will anything change probably not i mean
not not to sound like a
a dick but i mean i mean i don't know if
i if
if you know i'm gonna
change anything after the conversation
but it was nice to have the conversation
and
you pointed out a couple things that i
didn't really think about what did we
what did we what did we talk about
though and what were the things that i
pointed out that
you think may be worth thinking about
i think that the idea of well maybe it's
stuff that i said that i had my own
self-realizations maybe maybe um but it
came out
during during the conversation was
something for me to think about um
but uh um you know
i i just realized i'm gonna be honest
with you let me be honest with you
because i know this will
this will be good i think the one thing
i realized
out of this entire conversation is that
i love my kid more than i thought i did
and i don't mean that from a way of like
oh i just kind of liked my kid like
i think that i just listened to myself
talk very open and honestly
and that for the first time in my life i
found something that i do care about
in a deep level and that i have a
mission to make sure my daughter has the
best father that i could possibly be
i think that was kind of cool
yeah i i i think you're i agree
i love my wife too i'm so sorry i'm
talking about my wife at all
babe i love you too i love you i'm i'm
steering clear of your wife
for the health of your marriage that's
why we're not talking about oh no
okay because because she can watch this
one day
my mother-in-law and father-in-law in
delhi watch it every single day my
stream and it's
oh my god yeah terrifying well the good
thing is that my father-in-law doesn't
speak english
so so let me uh stocky let me just share
what my
impression of the conversation is is
that okay
and then i'd like to leave you with a
couple points to think about so the
first thing is that uh you know it
sounds like you had a super super
traumatic upbringing
and what happens when people have a
traumatic upbringing is they can get
taught
a lot of weird things so one thing that
they
learn how to do kind of adaptively is
compartmentalize
right so you take like negative feelings
and sensations you kind of wall them off
in a part of your mind
and then sometimes even though you've
walled them off like
the energy is still there and it sort of
lies dormant and it can kind of trickle
into your mind in other weird ways and
can lead to like destructive behaviors
and the need to distract yourself okay
so
and it sounds like you used to distract
yourself in unhealthy ways
and now you distract yourself in healthy
ways
and that's medication helps too but yeah
that's definitely a step in the right
direction
um and at the same time in my experience
the real goal is to like no longer need
to distract yourself
now i recognize that that could be
putting a burden on you but just
just something for you to kind of
percolate on
so i also think that it's sort of
interesting because
one of the other things that i wonder a
little bit about and it's
it this is a super subtle kind of
shift is that i think you're super
genuine
about having a dharma which is the
sanskrit word for duty or responsibility
to like the people around you
and i think you genuinely carry that
mantle of like trying to educate people
trying to teach people trying to help
them you absolutely carry that
that burden towards your daughter in
terms of like you carry the
responsibility of being the best father
you can possibly be
and so so you know so putting other
people
first is like absolutely a genuine and
good move
and then there are also times where you
used to put yourself
first and that was definitely bad so i
get where you're coming from there
there's a nuance here
though that i think is just worth
exploring
which is that when kids are traumatized
a lot like they get
taught that they don't matter like the
reason that
i think you you know you say your dad
cared about you is because like
you mattered to him through the haze of
addiction and you sort of felt that
right
and and there's a subtle lingering
effect which could be there could not be
there
which is that i still don't know that
you matter
to yourself right so so
yeah so so there's a difference between
saying that other people matter
more than i do and
i matter like there's a difference
between saying
my value is a hundred dollars but my
child's value is a thousand dollars
and sort of saying my value is a zero
dollars and my child's value is a
thousand dollars
and this actually goes back to like the
you know the russian dolls
which is that like i think each of those
people actually exist within you
so when when we form memories like those
memories get laid down and sort of
retain the age at which they were formed
so i think within you there's actually
like a seven-year-old kid
who needs a lot of love because they
weren't shown that and that need is
there
i think this sort of translates into
weird ways like
sort of feeling lonely or like not being
able to like really connect with people
like i know you love your wife
it's clear that you do it's clear that
she loves you i know you love your
daughter
but that's just that's just stocky
right that's the outermost russian doll
that is like
capable of feeling love and there are
all those other dolls as well on the
inside that like still
like it's hard to fully connect with
someone when the only thing that they're
connecting with
is the current version of you and so i
think this sort of gets back to like
when you
when i ask you are you lonely and you
say it's complicated i think the reason
for that is because
some layers of the doll are lonely and
some layers of the doll aren't
the last thing that i kind of two other
points the three other points actually
one is that i think part of the reason
that you use analogies and you use them
really really well
is because you're probably somewhat
alexa thymic
so lexithymia is the inability to
determine what your internal emotional
state is
and so what that means is you're kind of
colorblind
to emotions so if you go back and you
watch this interview
like you can describe
things really well with visual imagery
but because you don't have the
vocabulary for the emotions themselves
so you come up with these beautiful
analogies of like russian dolls
compartmentalized but you don't really
know like
what the emotion is and so
the interesting thing is as you talk
about it what'll happen is sort of what
happened today
is you're gonna like uncover like the
emotions underneath and like today it's
like wow i really i didn't quite realize
like i knew i loved my daughter and i
knew that i wanted to
make the world awesome for her and make
her life awesome but not spoiler
so that that's going to hurt her later
in life i want her to
teach her to be like an independent
responsible human being
where you're going to support her
interests and you're going to support
her growth
and what you want to do is give her a
nest and give her wings
right you're not going to hold her back
but you're going to do everything that
you can to help her build her own life
and i get that and it's through talking
through things like this that you
uncover those emotions you start to
recognize your emotions a little bit
more
you feel a little bit more it tends to
feel
hopefully generally speaking positive
even if it's not a positive emotion
which i know is weird
so i think it's just something to kind
of think about the last two points that
i want to share with you one is there's
a sunscript concept called
a some scar which is sort of like a ball
of
undigested emotion that you kind of
carry with you
and that and i think you have a some
scar sort of around
guilt and what that means is that like
you've got this weird like
guilt sort of like hiding in a closet
that then like
manifests in weird ways like it trickles
into your conscious mind and then
applies to like
other relationships that aren't entirely
appropriate so i think part of the
reason that you feel guilty around this
gme stuff is because
cognitively you know that you you give
people good advice
cognitively you know you're not
responsible and in fact you go
out of your way to try to help people be
responsible
so then like where is that guilt really
coming from
you know because you you find yourself
questioning and and this is where i mean
we can go into
you know a whole lecture about this but
basically like it's been my experience
that
the strange emotions that people feel
with that ten
that that tend to conflict with their
cognitive mind tend to essentially be
like
emotions that are stored from the past
and so my sense is that if you work on
even talk through like this guilt around
your brother and stuff which is like
holy [ __ ] bro
that that enough is like that's crazy um
that hopefully somebody's just do it
after a while yeah
so so this is where like you get used to
it because you've gotten calloused
right like you've formed mental calluses
which allow you to function
but like a callus isn't really healing
it's just
you know it's just a layer on top of
something
and then the last point that i'm going
to give you is just a tiny tiny tiny
unlikely thing that could happen
but i want to just clue you in on this
in the event that it does because i
imagine it'll be important i'd say
there's a less than five percent chance
which is that be careful about
what kind of echoes could happen if your
wife does something that you perceive as
being negative towards your daughter
okay and what i mean by that is that
like so we have this
this basically what i don't want you to
do is
project like if you if your mind
sees your wife do anything similar to
what your mom did to you
you could get this weird like volcanic
rush of emotion
even though your head is gonna like it's
clearly apples and oranges
your wife would never do anything to
your daughter like what your mom did to
you
but there's a chance that if you see
something
something [ __ ] up is gonna happen
inside you and you're gonna get this
volcanic rush
of anger and like other kinds of weird
feelings
and just if that happens
you know go talk to someone about it
like go see a therapist and work through
that stuff
okay because i really don't want that to
mess up your relationship
i know it's kind of grim no no no i'm
i'm on board with you i know what you
mean i'm already i've already
you know working through that stuff for
example when i take care of the baby and
she starts crying my wife comes running
in i'm like yo
what she's like don't take the baby out
i'm like i'm a parent i'm her father i
know
that it's cold i've got a thing on here
not that i'm angry but i was getting
frustrated i was like why don't you just
let me be a parent i'm also
half parent here i can make good
decisions too
and then i kind of step back and i said
you know what babe i'm sorry i know
you're only doing this because you want
what's best for the baby and you're not
trying to say i'm not a good parent like
that
and we talked about it and i've gotten
better with it i'm very i'm very i'm
very
cognitive when i make a mistake and i'm
very i try to make sure that i work
through it and talk about it unlike
a woman not no not any woman but like
her as
her way where she'll just spend you know
three days upset about something and not
talk about it
i'm very very you know expressive in the
moment
and then i i i realize my mistake and
then i go
you know i'm so sorry um i i i am
expressive and i
and i then i work it through and i say
hey listen i [ __ ] up let me make sure
i don't do it again and so i
i really appreciate what you're saying
and i agree that's something i have to
be cognizant of moving forward that
i don't automatically assume that it's
something negative
yeah so just be aware stocky because
unfortunately like you said you know
some stuff gets laid down in our brain
in terms of like how we
automatically respond to situations
and and just to be aware that like there
may be some weird feelings that arise
and you may not even recognize them as
feelings like
because once again if you're a little
bit lexa-thymic like you're not going to
understand exactly what you're feeling
um
but you know just a couple things to
kind of think about any last kind of
thoughts or questions
no i mean this was this was nice you
know it's uh it's obviously you know
just exposed a lot of things about
myself not exposed but just
open up about a lot of its deep things
in front of thousands and thousands and
thousands of people i never thought this
would happen
uh it's not easy to do that but it was
nice to talk and i i just hope that
maybe someone else out there can
can can be helped by this maybe not that
there's
specifically a solution or resolution to
this conversation but maybe
they can say hey listen if this streamer
can deal with these things so can i and
then maybe i need to go get help or
maybe i need to talk to somebody or
you know stocky i i think a lot of
people are going to be helped by this
conversation
no i just want them to know they're not
alone and that and that listen there's a
lot of people out there that have it
really rough and
and it doesn't mean that you can't you
know accomplish good things you don't
have to be born with a silver spoon you
don't have to look up and say well that
person has what i don't i can't ever
have that
i just want people to be happy and i
want to be able to help people and and
if this helps people
um in any way then it was worth all of
this
just exposing myself to the world as
long as i can help somebody
um you know i mean i i talked to my chat
before i said you know listen i i dealt
with adhd in a very
very rough manner for many many years
and it wasn't until two years ago i
started getting treatment for it
it's helped my life significantly in a
lot of ways so
you know um obviously it's totally
different than the conversation we had
but
it's cool i'm just i'm just really
grateful you know
that uh that i've got this community and
uh and that they allow me to
have this job it's it's it's so [ __ ]
surreal that these guys let me
this is my job because of them you know
what i mean so i'm glad that i can help
somebody if i can
yeah and i want to thank you too because
i i think um
listening to you has been really
educational i think you kind of
you know like you mentioned you were
sort of vulnerable and and
i think that can be hard to do in front
of thousands of people so i
i appreciate that the other thing is
that um
you know i think the world is a better
place because you're in it man
and i i think as a father like i'm
inspired like listening
to you talk to you know about what kind
of dad you want to be for
your daughter like it makes me want to
be like you get
get my juices flowing like makes me want
to you know go there
i appreciate that i appreciate that yeah
um
last thing is that you know i i mean it
sounds like you may be in
you may have some kind of provider or
something but
you know i would encourage you if you
want to work on this down the road to
really go see someone about it
i don't think you need to work on it i
think it's totally fine for you to
not want to work on it now
and but down the road you know you may
change your mind at some point and it's
totally fine to seek someone out at that
point
yeah i mean i'm not against it it's just
like you said that's just not
i'm i'm i'm not okay or fine or happy
with everything but i'm content to the
point where
it's just gotten used to it you know i
mean it's like my birthmark just kind of
used to it at this point
yeah and the calluses are formed yeah
sure it would be great if i
if i took off my shirt and somebody
every now and then looked and didn't
stare and say hey what's that
oh it's a birthmark that'd be great i
don't give a [ __ ] you know what i mean
like
i've got a beautiful wife i've got a kid
i you know i've got a great
i'm not worried about what somebody
thinks there and so for me it's like
makes perfect sense you know what [ __ ]
it you know what what up [ __ ] it
it is what it is let me just make sure
my daughter doesn't have to have these
same
emotional bags that she has to carry let
me carry them absolutely absolutely yeah
so normally i teach meditation on stream
i can't do that yeah i i was gonna say i
i wouldn't recommend it today
um as well but so i think we're we're
we're maybe on the same page there i'm
just being honest with you i i can't
even read a book more than a page
without earmarking it i'll never make it
through meditation
uh yeah i i mean we do a lot of
successful meditation with people with
adhd but but
i think more of the reason that i would
suggest against it is just because
you have to be really careful with
meditation and and
histories of trauma so what meditation
tends to do is remove the calluses
so what can happen is peop like people
can get like
an upwelling of emotions and things like
that which i i don't i don't think
you're
um i don't think you need that right now
so i think if you want to do yoga or tai
chi or something that would be like
really great but like
i wouldn't recommend meditation for you
to be honest
what about a hot tub stream that's fine
okay hot tub is cool yeah do you have a
hot tub
no no i was just wondering because these
guys have been giving me [ __ ] about it
for days i thought hey listen i could
relax get some warm water and
and uh and and bait some dono's maybe i
don't know
yeah well listen sake thank you so much
for
coming and i know you didn't really know
what you signed up for i i really
appreciate you being such a good sport
about it
you know if you regret coming on or
something like that at some point down
the road which is a completely
reasonable thing for you to feel
you know please let us know if there's
any kind of fallout or aftermath from
our conversation today
um and and it you know it's causing you
any kind of problems please let us know
and we'd love to try to support you
through that or kind of fix
it you know um yeah so
i i think that my community um i've i've
done a very
thorough job in my opinion of keeping a
non-toxic very supportive community lots
of memes lots of [ __ ] posting but not
actual hate people
we don't allow that it's cool if
somebody thinks of me differently
which i don't see why because i've
always been very open and very
transparent about everything my trades
the way i do things the way i think my
life
i don't mind doing this because when
you're open and when you don't have much
to hide and you're doing that
you don't really worry about that
backlash so i think if anything my
community got to see a side of me a
little bit more in depth
might let them know who i am a little
bit more and if anybody
out there saw this and was like yeah
after seeing all this i don't want to be
part of that guy they're probably a
[ __ ] [ __ ] person i don't want him
here anyway so i think it's a win-win
for everybody i think everything that i
saw about you was like
awesome bro seriously except this fire
jesus christ do you have anything for
receding hairlines look at that [ __ ]
l are you is it really receding
yeah not a lot but i mean at 35 i have a
decent hairline but it's it's
it looks like the male it looks like a
widow's peak
the whole thing's moving backwards
that's because all this hair is gone so
it just looks that way okay
jesus christ my man over here it's
low-key roasting me
okay i okay yeah i mean
you know there are there are things
there are medications and stuff for hair
loss
there are some ayurvedic treatments as
well but those aren't really well
supported through the evidence
um well i mean you could get coconut oil
coconut oil massage or almond oil
massage goes a long way yeah she does
almond oil massages and stuff like that
but
with the baby and everything and we
haven't had time um and i get concerned
because the last time she gave me a
massage we got pregnant so i just try to
be very careful with you know the timing
of things but
no i'll definitely um i'll definitely um
look to see if there's something i can
add
you should ask her she'll know what to
do
all right doc it was nice uh nice
chatting with you uh
got one question for you um what's the
yolo
what's the yolo what does that mean i
know yolo means you only live once but
doc i got i got 20 grand what am i going
to put it on today
i i don't know the idk oh god that one
already got played
i'm just kidding you're not giving me a
yellow listen thanks so much and i hope
that uh i hope that you have a great one
um and uh you know i i i i
maybe down the road so i had a
it's gonna sound so random but um
back when i was studying to become a
monk i got exposed to a lot of really
weird pseudo-spiritual
pseudo-scientific kind of [ __ ] um so
for example like i'm a certified crystal
healer but
i don't do that because i don't really
think it works
um so i was just learning a lot of
different stuff and one of the things
that i came across was someone who
uh i got trained in dowsing do you know
what dowsing is
yeah i found out that sounding rods and
doubting dowsing rods are not the same
thing by accident but yeah at dowsing
rods
i'm familiar yeah so so the person who
who got a wild man
so like no i'm serious these guys asked
me about sounding rods i thought it was
dowsing rods so i googled it and i just
wasn't ready for that i learned
something new that
yeah so so someone once made the claim
to me and i thought that this claim is
absolutely ludicrous but if you
no one's ever asked me to pick a stock
before but what i would do if you really
wanted me to pick a stock was
was get my dowsing pendant because i
have a dowsing pendant which is sat in a
closet for the last 18 years because i
think it's [ __ ]
um but it is pull that out and then if i
could get like a page of stocks i would
use the dowsing pendant and like pick
one
okay these guys are all waiting right
now they're literally like 5 000
waiting for you to do that oh but how do
i find the dowsing pendant is a physical
object so it's like a pendant so what i
need to do is twirl it and and have it
sit over a stock
so how literally you just get a bor you
get the alphabet and you do it and the
first three it lands on
are the three the alphabet a b
c d e f g h i j k
oh oh so i should just get a an alphabet
you just get a square
thing with the alphabet and you do your
rod you're sounding nothing
are we gonna do housing through the
circle are we doing this
go for it and then the first three i'll
make you a deal this is
for entertainment purposes only you do
that the first three letters it lands on
i'll buy a thousand dollars of that
stock okay right here live
okay we're gonna do so then i'm gonna
make i'm gonna make a i'm gonna
do that i'm gonna go pee while you're
doing that we're gonna come back right
now all right let me go
find i have to go right i'll be right
back i'll be right back okay
as well
this is for entertainment purposes only
entertainment purposes only
be right back while you're doing that
get three alphabetic letters i will buy
a thousand dollars of that stock
right here on live on stream three okay
a to z do your thing and then the three
letters that it does i'll buy that stock
okay
so or even get a scramble get a scrabble
board
i'll be right back i'll be right back
okay
so you know it's funny chat because we
don't talk about this a lot on healthy
gamer
but you know i've explored a lot of
bs in my day in my search for like
what works and like what actually helps
people
um is this one
maybe i need to get my kids to help me
with this i was showing my kids
all this stuff because it's been sitting
so i i you know i don't advertise some
of this stuff but like i've i've like
i'm a reiki healer and like other kinds
of stuff and and
really guys i want you all to understand
this there's like there's a lot of bs
out there right
so i'm also a skeptic so what happened
is like i was like okay i'm gonna have
an open mind
and we're gonna try to learn oh [ __ ] not
to find my dowsing pendant
all right let's do this full disclosure
this is for entertainment purposes only
do not
buy this stock you're not shadow trade
this is not fine with the device it's a
complete [ __ ] right now okay
yeah but i got a feeling of which i need
to find out how much money i've either
made or lost today because i had like
a lot of money in disney before we got
on and i'm green so i might have done
well let me see
it may take me a minute to find this
this thing
but these guys don't care this is very
oh it hit 190. i'm good i made money i
made 150 bucks
um so just so you're aware um
yeah yo turn up swagger with the five
gifted
all right disney took a while but i
finally made money i still got
40 minutes which means it'll probably
jump on me npa dropping
olb is getting i'm getting down five
percent on that
i forgot i forgot to stop the stop loss
this is not all right let me tell a
little bit of stock here
let me sell you know what i'm going to
buy instead of meditation
but i've had 10 shares 10 shares of
disney
i've been wanting to do this for decades
but i never
i never had the scientific integrity to
just actually run this experiment
i was like it's not scientific integrity
literally gambling at this point
yeah but my wife heard me and said that
i'm selling it five minutes after i buy
it
whatever it is hold on wait she said
that to me but you know what i did i
looked her right in the eyes when she
said that and i said
i said
did you dig yourself a hole i said yes
dear whatever you say
i'm not doing it she's watching i'm not
doing it guys
i said
maybe one of my kids oh no no
some bad energy with drawing crystal
that's different it's a whole different
crystal so many crystals
so this one found it here it
right so that's your is your dowsing
thing right
okay so and you have an alphabet you
have a no i need to like i need to like
write out the alphabet oh jesus
you're a doctor you don't own a scrabble
board a scrabble board
i feel like every doctor owned like
scrabble and like uh
and backgammon or something
dude what i own
a bunch like you know every doctor every
lawyer
oh just use my keyboard no it needs to
be a circle though
okay all right bye okay
so i got to tell you guys the story okay
so
so like i teach a lot of stuff on stream
so we talk about neuroscience we talk
about meditation
we talk about you know different kinds
of things
psychiatry um science
but what people don't know is that like
on my journey there's been
a lot of [ __ ] that i've encountered
and so what we try to teach
is like it's not like i don't do reiki
right because
i mean there's evidence that reiki
um you know helps people feel better but
uh doesn't actually lead to better
outcomes
so what we do on stream
is actually just like it's like the
stuff that works
but what people don't know is there's a
lot of [ __ ] out there that doesn't work
a b c d e f g h g k
l m m
o p q r
s t u v
w x y and c damn i've got chat if any of
you buy whatever this stock is you're an
idiot
okay yeah this is crazy okay so i'm
gonna i'm just getting
three letters i'm typing right now tell
me we're gonna do it
oh geez i need like 30 seconds to orient
myself
to the meditative mindset okay then
we're gonna
pick a sock with a [ __ ] dowsing
pendant damn right i'm gonna start 20
more different stock because i'm a d-gen
let's do this
i'm going balls deep in whatever this is
i said ball z while he's meditating nice
okay here we go
w w okay
so [ __ ] weird man it's moving in
different directions of its own accord
it's got bills to pay
e w e okay
okay
so g
w-e-g oh god there's like 10 of them i
need one more letter
[ __ ] [ __ ] okay
uh jay oh my god
[ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] j-w-e
j no i yeah i
how do you somebody give me a company
that starts with this i don't know what
it is we didn't get one w-o-w-e-g-j
is w g or i it was sort of between the j
and the i
it doesn't exist you're fired you're
fired
okay okay okay let me let me try the
equipment electrical
what not wendy's guys that's w-e-n okay
hold on let me try again
give me another letter after instead for
one last letter for w e something else
okay
p or o
you're literally fired
do you want to tell me what my ten
options are i'll put those on a piece of
paper and then we pick one of those w
e g was the original one okay you've got
w-e-g-z
okay hold on why okay so w-e-g-z-y
okay w-e-g-r-y
wait oh z-y is is it's two letters
yeah so w g z w yeah
so a z-r what are the other options
y o okay r
again but r x instead of r y
okay
those are the ones i've got you've got
four that's it
that's all the ones i've got i've got
the on the weg i've got
one two three four five so w e g z y r y
y f o f r x o y f
yep [ __ ] this is it
z y f r y
y o r x okay let's go
no what z y
r y y f
o f r x oh
okay okay all right let's do this all
right let's go
oh man it's rx rx wells fargo emerging
growth
done done let me show you proof hold on
okay the worst possible way to pick a
stock
absolutely oh god wells fargo oh no
oh no boys oh no
what happened oh no wells fargo is
always one getting screwed
this is this is just slightly more
effective than a ouija board
oh jesus christ am i going to go oh my
god i'm getting screwed all right
can i even order this can you even buy
this i can't even buy this
all right guys i guess i'm going in
wells fargo all right that's it all
right wells fargo it is
you've got it buddy uh i'm just buying
wells fargo because that was the answer
so
wells fargo the bank stock that always
gets screwed but has a decent dividend
i am going to buy this right now i am
going to buy
100 shares at 33.36
okay so sir because of you i have just
spent
what's our outcome though like how what
do we do with this like
what's how do we know what the end of
the experiment is
diamond hands what does that mean
el no sabe chat he doesn't no
okay let me show you my proof i'm gonna
dm it to you right now so you know but
i mean it's too late it's too late it's
too late it doesn't matter now
this remember there's no deal just buy
and hold what's going on
i don't know you're the ouija board that
you're you're sorry you're doubting
crystal told me to do it
i i understand but the douse i hope
you're dowsing as a lawyer
in case this goes badly the dowsing
crystal did not tell me
so so when i think about this i think
about this as a scientist so what i say
is that we should design an experiment
and i've never done this experiment
because there's no plausibility that it
would ever
actually work so it's the experiment
i've never done but i've thought through
it many times and what i'd think is that
what you have to do is like
pick a random assortment of stocks and
then dowse to pick
another assortment of stocks and then
compare your growth from these two
and then you run that test so many times
and then you
assess for statistical significance i
got an idea how about this
yeah i'll hold each one for a week okay
wednesday to wednesday it sounds next
wednesday you tell me the stock that i'm
selling this
profit or loss based on this dowsing
thing and i'll buy that and we'll just
keep rolling that
and see what happens okay so i'm picking
one stock via dowsing
every week i mean i mean you're a busy
man but if i just get bored what what's
our what's our control group though
like what right so we have to have a
control if we're doing an experiment
control we're talking about a crystal on
a piece of
freaking wire piece of thread and you
want a control group
that is a good [ __ ] point but yes
if we are going to do this we might as
well we have to have something to
compare okay
how about this this is why so we run
you're dowsing versus this right here
okay here you go
i got some random letters here okay i
don't even have all my letters here but
i'm just going to randomly pick three
letters and i'm going to put
the same amount of money in both of them
okay i don't even have all my letters
here so this isn't even going to go
wrong
i'm talking i'm just going to pick the
first one okay here you go you've got
g okay um i only have like a third of
the alphabet here but we're just going
to do it anyways what's this
gi okay what do we have here um
gib what's gib hold on this is great i
love this
for science baby gib
cgi inc is the name of the company it's
at 79.21 so i'm going to drop the same
amount of money
in cgi inc
okay i'll get a i'll get a i have those
same letters
okay so um what do we got uh 79 18. so i
dropped how much in the last one
i dropped uh [ __ ] i forgot how much i
spent it sounds like 3
36 uh yeah so 3 000
okay so 3 336 in gibb
so let me get a calculator out here
because i'm just fried right now
okay so um three three three three six
divided by
why is the stock going up right now you
guys are idiots
all right um all right so i'm gonna buy
42.12 shares
so so if we wanted to publish this study
it would uh they won't let me
they won't let me do it [ __ ] it i got to
do 42 even okay
it's fine we'll give the control group a
slight edge okay all right so here you
go so
i have two positions now you're dowsing
crystals and me just rubbing
off of a white board i put 3 000
um let's see where i 3336.50
in wells fargo and i put 3326.33
in gib beautiful okay we'll
we'll come back in a week and see what
happens sounds fantastic man i'm i'm
game
as long as we're gonna do something
ridiculous let's just
do it besides
hey listen just to be clear you do
realize that i'm
waving around a piece of quartz
you do realize that i just dropped six
thousand dollars
that i could lose this next week and if
at the end of the day it's you
as a medical doctor have a oath uh that
you
um that you took to only do what's in my
best interest knowing
that you were talking to me in a in a
state of vulnerability
that i will somehow blame you for this
is terrible find a way
to recoup my losses so
thank you for your for your oath and for
taking advantage of me in a hip in
a vulnerable state and i will see you in
court
next week but only if you lose money
right
oh i'm not gonna lose money i'll just
bill you
who else that's hurt all right man take
care thanks for coming on
i ain't no snitch all right bye bye dude
that's wild man
[ __ ] dowsing pendant